<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
    <title>Description of the video</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
</head>

<body>
    <p>
        PEGI 16. Bandai Namco Logo. Kazuya and Jin are about to hit each other. Wind is blowing into the Mishima estate. Akuma to Heihachi: Once done here I can fulfill my promise with Kazumi. Heihachi: Kazumi... BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment presents Heihachi:
        How on earth do you know that name? Akuma: These fists (takes on fighting stance) know no equal Heihachi: Ha! It seems we won't need words here then. Akuma: This too is destiny! The two rush to each other and begin fighting. Akuma grabs Heihachi
        and throws him into the wall. Heihachi retaliates and headbutts Akuma through a wall. Akuma knocks Heihachi away and begins charging up an attack. Heihachi dodges Akumas fireball and the trailer switches to an ingame fight between Akuma and Heihachi.
        Heihachi comboes Akuma and says: Only this level? - Immerse yourself in the conflict - Now Akuma comboes Heihachi and says: No use! Heihachi: This has no effect! They both hit each other and the trailer cuts to Heihachi and Kazuya standing in
        front of each other at a volcano. Kazuya: It's time for you to meet your end! - The final showdown begins - Heihachi comboes Kazuya and Kazuya has flashbacks. Now Kazuya comboes heihachi and they rush to each other. - Who will survive - father
        or son? - We see multiple characters fighting ingame. Tekken 7 - Coming early 2017.
    </p>

    <a href="../index.html">Back to the page</a>
</body>

</html>